Era: 18th-Century Enlightenment, Revolution & Classical Age
Adam Smith, the economist who wrote The Wealth of Nations.
Benjamin Franklin who helped draft the United States Declaration of Independence.
George Washington, the first President of the United States.
Mozart, the Austrian musical prodigy and prolific composer.
James Cook, the  British Royal Navy captain, navigator, and cartographer.

Era: Modern 21st Century Figures
Ben Shapiro, the American conservative political commentator and media host.
Pete Hegseth, the United States Secretary of Defense.
Randy Orton, the highly decorated American professional wrestler and actor.
Richie McCaw, the legendary New Zealand rugby union player who famously captained the All Blacks.
Robert Kennedy Jnr,the political figure who is the nephew of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy.

Era: Mid-to-Late 20th Century Global Icons (1960s–1980s)
John Newcombe, the Australian former World No. 1 tennis champion. 
Johnny Carson, the iconic American television host and comedian. 
Bobby Charlton,  the English football legend, 1966 World Cup winner and Manchester United icon. 
Pierre Trudeau, the charismatic 15th Prime Minister of Canada.
Richard Burton, the acclaimed Welsh stage and cinema actor who married Elizabeth Taylor. 

Era: Mid-20th Century World War II & Post-War Legends
Charlie Chaplin, the English comic actor, filmmaker, and composer. .
Edmund Hillary, the New Zealand mountaineer and first confirmed climber to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
Keith Miller, the Australian Test cricketer and World War II fighter pilot. 
Liberace, the flamboyant and virtuosic American pianist and entertainer. 
Michael Caine, the Academy Award-winning English actor renowned for his distinctive Cockney accent. 

Era: Late 19th to Early 20th Century (Industrial & Modernist Pioneers)
Sigmund Freud, the Austrian neurologist who founded psychoanalysis. 
Nikola Tesla, the inventor who designed the alternating current (AC) electricity system. 
Mark Twain, the author of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn.
JD Salinger, the reclusive American author best known for writing The Catcher in the Rye.
Winston Churchill, the two-time British Prime Minister.

Era: 18th-Century European Men (Enlightenment & Monarchs)
Voltaire, the French Enlightenment writer, historian, and philosopher famous for his wit.
Denis Diderot, the French philosopher who served as the co-founder and chief editor of the Encyclopédie.
Frederick the Great, the long-reigning King of Prussia who modernized the Prussian army and patronized the arts.
Immanuel Kant, the German philosopher who is considered a central figure in modern philosophy.
Louis XVI, the last King of France before the fall of the monarchy during the French Revolution.

Era: American Revolutionary Era Men
Thomas Jefferson, the principal author of the Declaration of Independence and third U.S. President.
Alexander Hamilton, the first U.S. Secretary of the Treasury and chief architect of the American financial system.
John Adams, the American Founding Father who served as the first Vice President and second President of the United States.
John Hancock, the merchant and statesman who served as president of the Second Continental Congress and famously signed the Declaration of Independence.
Patrick Henry, the American attorney and politician best known for his "Give me liberty, or give me death!" speech.

Era: Mid-to-Late 19th-Century American Men (Civil War & Literary)
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States who led the nation through the American Civil War.
Ulysses S. Grant, the military commander who led the Union Army to victory and later became the 18th U.S. President.
Walt Whitman, the influential American poet and journalist closely associated with the transition between transcendentalism and realism.
Frederick Douglass, the escaped slave turned prominent activist, author, and public speaker in the abolitionist movement.
Herman Melville, the American novelist and poet best known for his whaling novel, Moby-Dick.

Era: Victorian Era British Men (Science, Literature & Politics)
Charles Darwin, the English naturalist and biologist best known for his contributions to the science of evolution.
Charles Dickens, the iconic Victorian author who created some of the world's best-known fictional characters, including Ebenezer Scrooge.
Benjamin Disraeli, the British statesman and novelist who served twice as Prime Minister.
William Gladstone, the Liberal statesman who served as British Prime Minister for four separate terms.
Thomas Hardy, the English novelist and poet influenced by Romanticism and the changing Victorian landscape.

Era: Late 19th/Early 20th-Century Pioneers & Innovators (Men)
Thomas Edison, the American inventor who developed the phonograph, the motion picture camera, and the long-lasting electric lightbulb.
Alexander Graham Bell, the Scottish-born inventor and scientist credited with patenting the first practical telephone.
Henry Ford, the American industrialist who revolutionized factory production with the assembly line for the Model T automobile.
Orville Wright, the American aviation pioneer who, with his brother, achieved the first sustained, controlled powered airplane flight.
Guglielmo Marconi, the Italian inventor and electrical engineer known for his pioneering work on long-distance radio transmission.

Era: Late 19th/Early 20th-Century Prominent Women
Marie Curie, the Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity.
Emmeline Pankhurst, the British political activist who organized the UK suffragette movement and helped women win the right to vote.
Jane Addams, the American settlement activist, reformer, and social worker who co-founded Chicago's Hull House.
Ida B. Wells, the American investigative journalist, educator, and early leader in the civil rights movement who led an anti-lynching crusade.
Florence Nightingale, the English social reformer and statistician who is considered the foundational philosopher of modern nursing.

Era: World War I Era Political Leaders (Men)
Woodrow Wilson, the 28th President of the United States who led the country through World War I and proposed the League of Nations.
David Lloyd George, the British statesman who served as Prime Minister during the latter half of the First World War.
Georges Clemenceau, the French statesman who served as Prime Minister of France during World War I and was a principal architect of the Treaty of Versailles.
Tsar Nicholas II, the last Emperor of Russia, whose reign saw the fall of the Russian Empire and the rise of the Soviet Union.
Kaiser Wilhelm II, the last German Emperor and King of Prussia, who ruled Germany during World War I.

Era: Interwar Era Golden Age Authors (Men)
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the American novelist widely regarded as one of the greatest writers of the 20th century, famous for The Great Gatsby.
Ernest Hemingway, the American novelist and short-story writer known for his economical style and novels like The Old Man and the Sea.
George Orwell, the English novelist and essayist famous for his dystopian works Animal Farm and Nineteen Eighty-Four.
James Joyce, the Irish novelist and poet who contributed heavily to the modernist avant-garde, best known for Ulysses.
T.S. Eliot, the American-born British poet, essayist, and playwright who became a central figure in English-language Modernist poetry.

Era: Interwar Era Influential Women
Amelia Earhart, the American aviation pioneer and author who was the first female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.
Virginia Woolf, the English writer and pioneer of the use of stream of consciousness as a narrative device.
Coco Chanel, the French fashion designer and businesswoman who popularized a sporty, casual chic as the feminine standard of style.
Frida Kahlo, the Mexican painter known for her many portraits and self-portraits inspired by nature and artifacts of Mexico.
Georgia O'Keeffe, the American artist recognized as the "Mother of American modernism," famous for her paintings of enlarged flowers.

Era: World War II Military Commanders (Men)
Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Force in Europe who later became the 34th U.S. President.
Douglas MacArthur, the American five-star general who commanded the Southwest Pacific Theatre in World War II.
Bernard Montgomery, the senior British Army officer who commanded the British Eighth Army to victory at El Alamein.
Charles de Gaulle, the French army officer who led Free France against Nazi Germany and later became President of France.
George S. Patton, the colorful and controversial U.S. Army general who commanded the U.S. Third Army in France and Germany.

Era: Classic Hollywood Golden Age Actresses (1930s–1950s)
Bette Davis, the American actress noted for her willingness to play unsympathetic, sardonic characters, winning two Academy Awards.
Katharine Hepburn, the fiercely independent American actress who holds the record for the most Best Actress Oscar wins (four).
Joan Crawford, the American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer before becoming a major Hollywood star.
Judy Garland, the multi-talented American actress and singer who achieved international stardom as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz.
Ingrid Bergman, the Academy Award-winning Swedish actress best known for her iconic role in Casablanca.

Era: Classic Hollywood Golden Age Actors (1930s–1950s)
Humphrey Bogart, the cultural icon of the American film industry, famous for his roles in Casablanca and The Maltese Falcon.
Clark Gable, the American film actor often referred to as "The King of Hollywood," iconic for playing Rhett Butler in Gone with the Wind.
Cary Grant, the English-born American actor known as one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men, renowned for his suave demeanor.
James Stewart, the versatile American actor known for his distinctive drawl and portraying the quintessential honorable American middle-class man.
Spencer Tracy, the highly respected American actor who was the first to win back-to-back Academy Awards for Best Actor.

Era: Mid-20th Century Jazz & Swing Legends (Men)
Louis Armstrong, the foundational American jazz trumpeter and vocalist who shifted the focus of the music to solo performance.
Duke Ellington, the prolific American composer, pianist, and leader of a jazz orchestra which he led for over fifty years.
Count Basie, the American jazz pianist and bandleader who formed the famous Count Basie Orchestra.
Benny Goodman, the American jazz clarinetist and bandleader known as the "King of Swing."
Miles Davis, the highly influential American jazz trumpeter and composer who was at the forefront of several major jazz developments.

Era: Mid-20th Century Civil Rights & Activism Leaders (Men)
Martin Luther King Jr., the Baptist minister and activist who became the most visible spokesperson and leader in the civil rights movement.
Malcolm X, the African American minister and human rights activist who was a prominent figure in the Nation of Islam.
John Lewis, the American politician and civil rights leader who served as the chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.
Nelson Mandela, the South African anti-apartheid revolutionary and political leader who spent 27 years in prison before becoming President.
Cesar Chavez, the American labor leader and civil rights activist who co-founded the National Farm Workers Association.

Era: 1960s British Invasion & Rock Icons (Men)
John Lennon, the English singer, songwriter, and peace activist who co-founded the Beatles.
Mick Jagger, the English singer, songwriter, and actor who achieved global fame as the lead vocalist of the Rolling Stones.
Jimi Hendrix, the American rock guitarist and singer widely regarded as one of the most influential electric guitarists in history.
Paul McCartney, the English musician and songwriter who gained worldwide fame as co-lead vocalist and bassist for the Beatles.
David Bowie, the English singer-songwriter and actor who was a leading figure in the music industry, celebrated for his dramatic reinventions.

Era: Late 20th-Century Global Female Leaders
Margaret Thatcher, the British statesman who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and was dubbed the "Iron Lady."
Indira Gandhi, the Indian politician who served as the first and only female Prime Minister of India to date.
Golda Meir, the Ukrainian-born Israeli politician who served as the fourth Prime Minister of Israel.
Benazir Bhutto, the Pakistani politician who served as Prime Minister of Pakistan, making her the first woman to head a democratic government in a Muslim-majority nation.
Angela Merkel, the German politician and scientist who served as the first female Chancellor of Germany.

Era: 1980s/1990s Action Movie Stars (Men)
Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Austrian-American actor, filmmaker, and former bodybuilder who starred in The Terminator.
Sylvester Stallone, the American actor, screenwriter, and director who created and starred in the Rocky and Rambo franchises.
Bruce Willis, the American actor who achieved stardom playing John McClane in the Die Hard franchise.
Harrison Ford, the American actor who gained worldwide fame for his starring roles as Han Solo and Indiana Jones.
Mel Gibson, the American-born Australian actor and filmmaker known for his breakout roles in the Mad Max and Lethal Weapon series.

Era: 1990s Pop & R&B Icons (Women)
Whitney Houston, the American singer and actress certified as one of the best-selling music artists of all time, famous for her powerful vocals.
Mariah Carey, the American singer-songwriter referred to as the "Songbird Supreme," known for her five-octave vocal range.
Celine Dion, the Canadian singer renowned for her technically skilled vocals and her iconic recording of "My Heart Will Go On."
Janet Jackson, the American singer, songwriter, and dancer known for her innovative, socially conscious, and sexually provocative records.
Madonna, the American singer-songwriter and actress referred to as the "Queen of Pop," noted for her continual reinvention.

Era: 2000s/2010s Tech Billionaires & Entrepreneurs (Men)
Elon Musk, the business magnate and investor known for founding SpaceX and leading Tesla.
Jeff Bezos, the American entrepreneur and investor who founded Amazon, the world's largest e-commerce and cloud computing company.
Bill Gates, the American businessman and philanthropist who co-founded Microsoft Corporation.
Mark Zuckerberg, the American computer programmer and internet entrepreneur who co-founded Facebook (Meta).
Steve Jobs, the American inventor and business magnate who was the co-founder, chairman, and CEO of Apple Inc.

Era: 2000s/2010s Elite Male Athletes
Roger Federer, the Swiss former professional tennis player who was ranked world No. 1 for 310 weeks.
Usain Bolt, the Jamaican retired sprinter widely considered to be the greatest sprinter of all time, holding world records in the 100m and 200m.
Michael Phelps, the American former competitive swimmer who is the most successful and most decorated Olympian of all time.
Lionel Messi, the Argentine professional footballer widely regarded as one of the greatest players in the history of the sport.
LeBron James, the American professional basketball player widely considered one of the greatest players in NBA history.